MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

1. Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" means any technical, business, financial, or other information disclosed by either party to the other, whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the receiving party; (b) was already known to the receiving party prior to disclosure without any obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of or reference to the disclosing party's Confidential Information; or (d) is rightfully received from a third party without breach of any obligation of confidentiality.

2. Confidentiality Obligation. Each party agrees to hold the other party's Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to disclose it to any third party without prior written consent. The obligations of confidentiality under this Agreement shall survive for a period of 5 years from the date of disclosure.

3. Non-Solicitation. Each party agrees that it shall not solicit for employment any employee of the other party who participated in the discussions contemplated by this Agreement, for a period of 12 months following the date of this Agreement.

4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

5. Limitation of Liability. In no event shall either party's aggregate liability arising out of or related to this Agreement exceed the amount of fees paid by the disclosing party in the twelve (12) months preceding the claim giving rise to liability. Each party's indemnification obligations under this Agreement are capped at the same amount.

6. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior discussions.
